 👋 Hi, I’m @Aquahoodjd

Pardon for the English but I speak French snd nobody,90% of people asked here prefer English to French sbd i need more social contact to practice or its not helpful when everyone else speaks Swiss German. I want badly to learn it. 

Editing this on a rebuilt tower. I thought I bricked but clearly didn't with Ubuntu Studio. I will be 3 of 5 in a distributed system. This one is done for the moment.

I'm interested in doing a hybrid not-for-profit and arms-lenght for-profit combination company of two LLC's or SARL, as these refered to in Switzerland. An SA or AG doesn't always work the best and image that Disney has been an LLC for a long time. 

I am going to try and establish a hybrid ethical and sustainable good practices company that doesn't have to fall onto one ridged category but where possible and in some cases we will act both ethically, fair pay, close resources, and only do projects that help scientists and out countries to monitor and analyse thier impact or measure and quantify our closed loop starship. The only one we have. She  needs help and it's with a ethical version of free market capitalism that we can more efficiently get helpful technology to go the "point of care" to heal what unchained capitalism has already done. 


I am kind of new with GIT and coding but have been a "maker and tinker" for a long time. I had a TI-99-4a, then a C64 with 4 daisy-chained floppy drives, and my own BBS at 10 years old. I did take "a computer language" rather than a foreign language (relational databases) and ended up learning French and becoming a dual national. Einstien was the first "legal dual U.S. dual national" but now it is allowed. I'm proud to be a Swiss / US dual national, as it fits with my ideology of being a citizen of planet earth.

i also like that Switzerland puts a lot of emphasis on critical thinking and even original texts not Department of Education appoved generic heavily bias textbooks for those below University. It is this and other reasons ewhy we can have the world's only direct democracy and is pne of the reasons we don't devolve into a "tyranny of the masses". 

The electorate is mature enough to not vote for impossible issues snd plans that would lead to economic ruin.  

Personally, I don't like the words "can't" or impossible. Thinkimg as if  there is no box at all is the first place to start and where true learning and advancement takes plsce. Here you must be flexible, learn new specialties, expertly not just competently, as this culture demands precision, no errors, or failure. The ability to find the best people to solve each problem and in the right place with the right knowledge. That usually involves multiple countries and then merge everyone's work into functional solution.  

That's what I wish this new incarnation of "we" to begin and I'm lookingto  ZTH snd Uni Bern graduates in engineering (electrical, mechanical, rf, data scientists, and full stack developers who are comfortable with integrating machine learning models (open source to start snd customized for each specific use case). 

These are essential to four or five super cool and very useful products I wish to prototype and after a team is formed, equal shares, no pyramid scheme, an aggressive fast iteration and a 12 months dradline for the first three to made and functional.

These projects could not be made by such a small yet very educated and agile team until this moment in time. That should tell you that they're very cool and working on the edge. Should you wish to stay after the first three have been prototyped and potential suitors found or should we decide to seek a second round and produce all or some of them ourselves, we decided at that point.

But,I can assure you that the products we do make are so cool and cutting edge that having it on your CV will set you up and at the same time part of the space that we will occupy will hopefully house a community supported and driven makerspace to help inspire the young and young at heart, as well as artists who wish to learn how to use freecad, CNC, 3D printing öaser cutting. The use of electronics micro processors and connected electronics in their artwork or fashion will all be welcome. are makerspaces will also support the ethical security research within very strict ethical guidelines and following the law to the letter but again creating a positive good legal path for people who are inclined to see how things work to break them open and see if you can put them back together how they tick! 

My grandfather was a machinist on the railroad and they didn't just order up parts at that time, they made them when they broke in the Machine Shop. 

He let me use all his tools in the basement. I could take anything apart and try and put it back together which I was unsuccessful at for a very long time and then all the sudden it clicked and I started to be able to fix things repair things that had electronics and circuit boards. 

We live at a time where development for 3D printing CNC machines, laser cutters, laser engravers, balpr disposition on custom glass substrate and home brrewef PCBs is affordable in a group so a community supported group where everyone pays a small yet affordable fee for filaments and some courses, safety glasse, safety goggles if you want to have your own reusable proper PPE or personal protection then you can bring your own reusable but certified and we will have on small stock, a large supply of different passive elements and some development boards, systems on a chip, different types of memory and even double-sided or single-sided etch your own pcbs. Or you can learn how to program the development boards and wire them together into your own new product. You can integrate them into artwork or into new fashion. You can learn how to keep our computers clean and secure from outside attacks. You can then teach the other members of our club how to keep themselves secure as well and if you discover something of significance you might get paid a pretty good paycheck from the company that you report it to. (big bounty programs) - following our own community decided and regulated ethical cybersecurity guidelines peacefully without question, follow the Swiss law to the letter, and if we need to have that adjusted we talked to our legislators. 

I'll even design a class specifically for safety in these environments as I've taken a course at the graduate level in workplace safety and the professor was a former inspector for the occupational health and safety administration or OSHA in the United States, which governs worker safety from everything from chemicals and labs to lasers to solvemts, and cutting instruments. So you can be a YouTube Creator make your YouTube videos of what you're doing in our makerspace you can give our makerspace nods for being there for you we will probably make our own to promote our startup and makerspace so aspiring content creators will be welcome. 

We will be approaching our Canton our local state government as they're the largest holder of commercial industrial land and volunteer as the test to setup a board of business people and financial consultants who will decide on startups that have potential and can be given subsidized Space by the local government in order to really create a startup environment and it's more than just space it's a complete culture. You have to basically create a tribe and that tribe is here present in this town but not organized. There are many members of this tribe already here they just don't have a place where they can meet, where they can learn, and where they can envolve their skills. 

Once you create a core environment you'll see that environment grow up around it and even restaurants and bike stores and places to hang out coffee shops will just pop up with art studios and a startup culture that goes hand in hand with makerspaces and technology. 

THIS is what hackers used to be but now you need to be an ethical hacker and better just a maker or a creator in the video space and the entertainment space your a content creator but you can do that in the makerspace and be a maker at the same time because there are a lot of people who are makerspace content creators.

Several of these people have gone on to create very profitable businesses based on what they've learned and the things that they've made or developed as part of their content creation or the inverse and they're kind of tied together now and though they're not exclusive that's definitely one aspect. It's a healthy one a good one environment which should not cost a fortune and we should have first dibs on e-waste and promotes ethical security research which essential in keeping our cyberspace much more secure than it would be without them. 

I approached the people who release cve and asked them if they had done a retroactive study based on the type of person who has found the kind of different levels of security issues in both software hardware and the Internet protocol itself and quite often it's individuals who are just interested in solving problems, or teams of academics who are in school learning computer technology or electrical engineering, or they're just people who are interested in seeing how things work and don't like things that are hidden behind a black box and we now have have a very common phrase which has led to fixing all kinds of problems in cybersecurity, security by obscurity is stupidity.

It's also about staying in contact with the cyber security apparatus of our government and that which governs where our makerspace resides and where there are universities are because on many occasions these researchers have had to first Report with they found to the police and to the cybersecurity apparatus of their country and at the same time to the companies and will teach them the ethical and correct approach as that's an evolving issue and having been a criminal prosecutor in first before and during the time that I was a private International lawyer, it gives me both access and understanding to speak with these people about how to treat independent ethical researchers with respect and to those who use that title as a shield when they're really up to no good sorry no protection from us 

when the founders of Apple and Microsoft for doing their black boxes and phone freaking that was legal there was no law that prevented what they but there is now and people have to follow it but at the same time it requires teams of people who are extremely smart and creative because the people creating these cybersecurity exploits and who are fishing and using side Channel and glitch and voltage attacks all of these have been discovered by small independent makerspaces and security researchers.

a person can make a good living from finding these exploits before anyone else but you don't sell them to some shady company out of some shady country you report it simultaneously to your cybersecurity apparatus you should probably write down your research plan increase your own security have an agreement with your teamand data security and have a mentor or supervisor or even a lawyer a test to your plan and to your procedures.

the only company that needs to be told is the company who makes the product or makes the software but your country might want to know because their own computers might be vulnerable which means you're doing your country a civil service by doing things ethically and legally in a controlled environment.

so while we as a hybrid private and for profit nonprofit mixed entity want to promote a community supported and driven makerspace as well as promoting them for the young for those who are studying it and need to do apprenticeship Time by teaching others, and for people who wish to upcycle their Electronics so it doesn't end up in the waist so quickly, for artists and designers who wish to use new methods and perhaps electronics and new types of clothing that are either sustainable or made out of new types of materials as one of the things I'm considering making two of them actually would be made out of milk plastic or bioplastic so it's a heated milk with some vinegar and add some dye and then a couple tablespoons of graphene powder to make it as strong as steel and the UV code so that until you want to have it degrade in an anaerobic landfill it'll be strong as steel but the moment it starts to break down it breaks down into protein not forever chemicals.

can we make everything out of that at this moment we can't but we can try where it's possible and where possible we use non-toxic ingredients like unleaded solder and like I said bioplastic instead of plastic that doesn't degrade. where possible we take all the unused or badly printed 3D print parts and put them back on to schools because you can actually melt that material and have it drawn back out into printable material or you can combine it into pieces of what that function exactly like what is heated up and pressed into a form and you can build a bench or a park bench out of it or a shelter for waiting for the bus that's quite colorful and much different than the old steel and glass but you could also incorporate some solar panels and between those new plastic boards and where possible try and have that plastic bee bioplastic with added graphene powder which is also made from graphite and whey protein.

so can we do all this completely green not yet but we're moving in that direction and do we need to make some of the products that I'm wanting to make in the private part of my company and I hope it'll soon be our company because I don't want to be the chief I want to be a member of a team and they may be initially my ideas but they may morph into better ideas as we go or we may change the ideas but I've got four really good ideas one wish somebody has already said to me is worthy of money.

and the non-profit research will go into research for products that are designed to help climate change and also to support the makerspace and to help support startups by helping the Canton subsidized space for new companies and reduce the barriers for entry into the market because that and of itself here is very difficult and to get financing is very hard whereas in the United States for example which Switzerland has sent multiple people to try and learn they don't understand that we don't think you're an experienced business person unless you've gone bankrupt a few times and that's an exaggeration and that really should never happen but good planning and good choices about how you execute your business plan how you plan whether or not the market will support your product or is ready for your product that's going to help you avoid problems and help you get financing for something that is both good for the world and helpful to our economy.

I don't want to outsource the work to another country I want to use graduates from our University and I want to use locals and I want to help promote stem and space and cubesats and the integration of electronics into fashion and into artworks because it's such a part of the time in which we live which can either take us a very bad way or could take us a very good way depending on how we as human beings use it.

why do I say aquahood well that's because I'm a certified diamond instructor recreational diving instructor with the professional association of diving instructors PADI, and I've done all of their technical courses but I'm a open water diving instructor and have several specialty instructor certificates such as reef conservation course and project where which are projects that are focused on cleaning the water and keeping the areas around water and watersheds clean. however at the same time I became a very educated and experienced technical diver taking all of Patty's courses and then intg and all of their courses and finally just because my friend told me I could pass it and I should just take it because I can pass it and they call it pay the fail and the organization everybody loves to hate but they're right - GUE Tech 1. I was proud to pass that one because it took a lot of skill and it was the culmination of many many hours underwater and I would not even try that class unless you're an instructor at the recreational level and already have hundreds of logged technical dives. but they do have now recreational level entry certifications which are fantastic we actually integrate their material into iintd and I think my old shops which to another organization with Patty which is less expensive and gives them more flexibility so they're basically teaching gue material under the banner of another certification agency because when they're right they're right and they're constantly discovering new stuff along with DAN s d PADI - they've pushed Patty to up their game which is a good thing it's improved safety and makes it fun for everyone without anyone being in danger or getting hurt. At the same time it helps to protect the environments that were diving in by teaching very good self-control in the water and that you shouldn't touch or disturb anything in the water and you should have perfect buoyancy control because your flippers can't you enormous damage to Reef that's already under extreme pressure.

Two of the products out of the four main products I want to both prototype and either make or sell are ocean and water Health based. one would be an electrical and material engineers dream because not only will it set you up with skills for designing under extreme environments but also in the area of machine learning mixed with robotics. it's a perfect place set yourself up for designing things for use in space because it is very much like the closest analog to space that we have accessible to us everyday and why we don't have a close circuit sustainable clean environment to test to test out living in closer kit can find systems and the ergonomics as well as reproduction of air recycling of air using plants and living on a different planet but doing it 40 m under the water just off the shore and doing it in a way that doesn't pollute but that recycles everything and even working outside of the environment would be a reproduction of microgravity and you're wearing a spacesuit a dry suit with an oxygen rebreather in a full closed circuit arrangement is exactly like being in the space suit especially if you had a full face mask which is essential for talking. 

So, if the first round of our company turns out to produce some good well selling very helpful products that I can assure you you would love to make it could set our company up for doing just that creating an underwater test environment and the collection of data around how people move in the water which will simulate a microgravity environment the amount of effort work that's required getting suited up unsuiting and living in the closed circuit environment for a long period of time and it would be much better to discover problems here on Earth then when we're on Mars or even the Moon we should be putting one down right now.

we should have a significant large research and test center that is a closed circuit living environment and is conscious of pollution and being sustainable underwater in our oceans right now for we send a single person to do the same one another planet or a moon.. we will uncover and discover so many lessons learned and do it in a more relatively safer environment even though it won't be safe because we are not well suited for living long periods of time underwater and you're putting your body under a lot of extra stress because you're actually living in an environment that's many atmospheres more in pressure than your body's accustomed to so you're accumulating nitrogem and living working and fixing in microgravity.
